---
layout: post
title:  "Week 18, Day 73"
date:   2020-10-26 007:52:44 -0600
categories: jekyll update
---

## Standup- Sprint 40.1
  
### Friday
EOD: Worked bugs. Met with Joe in the afternoon to talk over and work on defects in Jira. I fixed PEN-6168(buttons not disabled on click), PEN-4392 (Remove operation tooltip), and PEN-5693 (restricted characters causing crash/corruption). Completed code review with Sean and AC, moved to Ready for QA. Joe sent back PEN-6168 due to issues with double-clicking the run button and for data corruption due to dots in the filename when saving. I went back and fixed the dots in the file name issue. We moved PEN-5473 (double click) back to the backlog. Updated the support channel with information on how to install new requirements. Met with Mel concerning PEN-5455 (military service dates) and began familiarizing myself with the code and discussing possible solutions with AC. Worked on status report for Le'fant.

### Today
* PEN-6168 (button disabled on click)
* PEN-5455 (military service dates)

### Items from Team Members
* Andrew C and Sean researching for new implementation (JWT token, etc.)

### Tomorrow
 
### Impediments

### What I actually ended up doing
 EOD: No power or internet throughout the day. I tried tethering my MacBook to my phone's mobile hotspot, but the throughput was pretty poor/non-existent. I helped out Jason Dorman on the tigertest-support channel, then worked on PEN-6168 and PEN-5455 until my MacBook's power died at 2 pm my time.  

### Daily Workflow
* Login
* Update/Setup Weekly Blog Posts
* Open Jira
* Check lefant email
* Check BAH email
* Check VA email
* Connect to Tunnel (if necessary)
* Open GitHub Desktop
* Open VS Code

