---
layout: post
title:  "Week 17, Day 68"
date:   2020-10-19 007:52:44 -0600
categories: jekyll update
---

## Standup
  
### Friday
EOD: Andrew C and I worked on PEN-4487 in the morning. Made small progress, but still ultimately running into AttributeError or SSL Certificate Error depending on our cert configuration. We pivoted to looking at some bugs, and were able to fix defects PEN-5437 and PEN-5438. Andrew C then focused on the Save defect (PEN-5258) and I started researching a fix for the Tooltip bleed defect (PEN-4392).

### Today
* Work on adding Timestamp to SOAP request
* Correctly format SOAP Request
* 

### Tomorrow
 * Aurora's Birthday
 * Start Monthly report
 * Keep chipping away at the SOAP request
* 
### Impediments

### What I actually ended up doing
EOD: We created and successfully injected the timestamp with Zeep and some custom code patterned after the VAWS Plugin into our request security header. We are still unsure how to implement/inject the missing SOAP request security elements that went through with SOAPUI. We met with Joe and Ansley to determine appropriate POC's for securing SOAP web services. Sean reached out to Joe Fetico and set up a meeting for Wednesday at 10 am. I reached out to Chalmer Lowe, Patrick Soisson, and Cameron Williams for help with the same. We built the SOAP request based on the successful SOAPUI request as a test to see what errors we received... this ended up with a 'WssVerification Exception - Please make sure the specified encryption key alias is correct.' 


### Daily Workflow
* Login
* Update/Setup Weekly Blog Posts
* Open Jira
* Check lefant email
* Check BAH email
* Check VA email
* Connect to Tunnel (if necessary)
* Open GitHub Desktop
* Open VS Code

