---
layout: post
title:  "Week 17, Day 69"
date:   2020-10-20 007:52:44 -0600
categories: jekyll update
---

## Standup
  
### Yesterday
EOD: We created and successfully injected the timestamp with Zeep and some custom code patterned after the VAWS Plugin into our request security header. We are still unsure how to implement/inject the missing SOAP request security elements that went through with SOAPUI. We met with Joe and Ansley to determine appropriate POC's for securing SOAP web services. Sean reached out to Joe Fetico and set up a meeting for Wednesday at 10 am. I reached out to Chalmer Lowe, Patrick Soisson, and Cameron Williams for help with the same. We built the SOAP request based on the successful SOAPUI request as a test to see what errors we received... this ended up with a 'WssVerification Exception - Please make sure the specified encryption key alias is correct.' 

### Today
* Whiteboard Save Story
* Meet with Chalmer Lowe
  * Yammer, Slack
  * Booz Allen GitHub for Zeep (on the Client Service Network) https://github.boozallencsn.com/
  * Zeep Developer's Page (Contact)
  * Stack Overflow Question
  * Search 'import Zeep' on regular GitHub
* Hopefully speak with Patrick and/or Cameron
* Work on bugs
* Le'Fant Monthly Status Report
* New Engineer! Chad!

### Tomorrow
 
### Impediments

### What I actually ended up doing

EOD: Met with Joe a few times to discuss critical details around moving forward with PEN-4487 (Add support for eFolder SAML token and integration). Met with Chalmer, AS, and AC regarding soap, ssl, python, and zeep. Chalmer explained to us that our particular opportunity is outside of his wheelhouse. He did provide us with a link: https://github.boozallencsn.com/ and suggested that we search for other python/zeep projects. Chalmer also suggested that we try reaching out on Yammer to try and find an SME for python/soap/ssl. AC, AS, and I had a whiteboard session around PEN-5258 (Refactor save scenario functionality) we came up with a series of tasks to move to completing the story. These tasks were included in our Spike story PEN-5874, and the tasks were added to PEN-5258. We discussed plans to reach out to the zeep project owners, stack overflow, and possibly requests. AS got started on crafting a message to distribute to the various project owners. Joe, AC, AS, and I also discussed plans around moving forward with PEN-4487 that included possible workarounds, inspecting the existing java code to understand the requests being made, and porting the project to java/maven/spring.Formulated posts/questions for Zeep developers/Stack Overflow re: SAML story. Waiting to check with team to ensure no sensitive data was included and will send out/post tomorrow. Worked on defect PEN-5473: VETGEN-UI: Some buttons require double-click.

### Daily Workflow
* Login
* Update/Setup Weekly Blog Posts
* Open Jira
* Check lefant email
* Check BAH email
* Check VA email
* Connect to Tunnel (if necessary)
* Open GitHub Desktop
* Open VS Code

