---
layout: post
title:  "Week 1, Day 1"
date:   2020-07-01 14:17:44 -0600
categories: jekyll update
---

## My first official day as a Developer!

Today is my first official day as a developer! So I'm gonna be writing tons of code, committing... wait, what's that?

I have to drive 3 hours to Denver to get fingerprinted? Oh...

So I set up an appointment to get fingerprinted (the life of a government contractor...) this morning. My parents are in town visiting, and so my dad and I drove up together. 

I emailed back and forth with my boss/supervisor/not sure what his official job title is as of yet (the dude that interviewed me initially) on my iPhone11 as we drove, and I tried to mitigate my internal 'question-asker' as much as possible. 

Finally, he asked me to give him an "EOD Update"... so an "End-of-day update" I'm assuming... just let him know where I'm at. 

I asked for clarification on the frequency of emails, but he shrugged it off, so I'm guessing 'as-needed' or keep everything to the EOD if possible? 

The process of fingerprinting was pretty straightforward and only took about 20 minutes. Afterwards dad and I ran some errands and had some Cuban food!

Once home I completed my initial on-boarding paperwork, made a few more library runs to scan documents, then sent off the first round of completed paperwork.

Paperwork - 1      
Coding - 0

After logging my hours via the company timesheet app, I decided to set up this blog using GitHub pages, Jekyll, Ruby, and Visual Studio Code. Yay for learning new technologies!

Paperwork - 1      
"Official" Coding - 0      
"Code-to-learn/for fun"- 1

Good times!
