---
layout: post
title:  "Week 17, Day 71"
date:   2020-10-22 007:52:44 -0600
categories: jekyll update
---

## Standup
  
### Yesterday
EOD: We met with Joe Fetyko at 10 am who was able to provide us with quite a bit of documentation, SOAPUI projects, Java code, and notated examples related to VBMS requests. I contacted the Zeep developer and posted a question to Stack Overflow concerning our current blockage on PEN-4487. We Groomageddoned, then had a meeting with Brad Motley, who provided us with Java code and links to VBMS Core SOAPUI projects. We met with Joe and Ansley to touch base and prioritize next steps, then began consuming the documentation provided by Brad and Joe. 

### Today
* PEN-5473 (Double click)
* Read documentation
* PEN-4487
* Le'Fant Status Report
### Tomorrow
 
### Impediments

### What I actually ended up doing
 EOD: Fixed PEN-5473 (Some buttons require double click). Still needs to be code reviewed before being Ready for QA. Pulled in PEN-4392 (Remove operation tooltip bleed) and created custom toolbar class to fix the tooltip bleed, then pivoted to PEN-5693 (Restricted characters cause app crashes, tool corruption) at Joe E's direction. Found a Python package that will sanitize filenames (pathvalidate). Installed, imported, and implemented it, but need base save functionality restored in order to test properly. Worked on Le'Fant status report a bit.

### Daily Workflow
* Login
* Update/Setup Weekly Blog Posts
* Open Jira
* Check lefant email
* Check BAH email
* Check VA email
* Connect to Tunnel (if necessary)
* Open GitHub Desktop
* Open VS Code

