---
layout: post
title:  "Week 17, Day 72"
date:   2020-10-2 007:52:44 -0600
categories: jekyll update
---

## Standup
  
### Yesterday
EOD: Fixed PEN-5473 (Some buttons require double click). Still needs to be code reviewed before being Ready for QA. Pulled in PEN-4392 (Remove operation tooltip bleed) and created custom toolbar class to fix the tooltip bleed, then pivoted to PEN-5693 (Restricted characters cause app crashes, tool corruption) at Joe E's direction. Found a Python package that will sanitize filenames (pathvalidate). Installed, imported, and implemented it, but need base save functionality restored in order to test properly. Fixed my AIDE issues and got a ticket in to Citrix concerning a Remote License Issue I'm having with my CAG. Worked on Le'Fant status report a bit.

### Today
* Retro- really good, went well!
* PEN-5473 (Double click) Code Review
* Check in w/ AC and SK on PEN-4392 & PEN-5693
* Pull in more bugs
* Le'Fant Status Report

### Items from Team Members
* Mel reaching out to get feedback on how people are using/not using the tool
* Sean & AC in meetings concerning security opportunity we've been battling. Spoke with Clayton and had lots of good insights (security and low/high languages) They spoke with Stephen Quick and Cameron Williams and they have an exposed API to interact with eFolder on a simple level, which is what we need! (Search, upload, retrieve metadata from a file in eFolder). This bypasses security in some form. Uses a JWT token similar to what claims does. They accessed the swagger page yesterday, so they will be rolling on that.
* 

### Tomorrow
 
### Impediments

### What I actually ended up doing
 EOD: Fixed PEN-6168(buttons not disabled on click), PEN-4392 (Remove operation tooltip), and PEN-5693 (restricted characters causing crash/corruption). Completed code review with Sean, moved to Ready for QA. Met with Joe in the afternoon to work on defects in Jira. We moved PEN-5473 (double click) back to the backlog. Met with Mel concerning PEN-5455 (military service dates) and began familiarizing myself with the code and discussing possible solutions with AC.  

### Daily Workflow
* Login
* Update/Setup Weekly Blog Posts
* Open Jira
* Check lefant email
* Check BAH email
* Check VA email
* Connect to Tunnel (if necessary)
* Open GitHub Desktop
* Open VS Code

