---
layout: post
title:  "Week 10, Day 46"
date:   2020-09-03 007:52:44 -0600
categories: jekyll update
---
## Standup

### Yesterday
EOD: We continued working on PEN-4487 and defect PEN-4433. Patrick S updated the backend (DEV) and walked us through the request in SOAPUI, but we are still dealing with 'signature/decryption is invalid' and 'encryption key alias' errors. Fixed bug PEN-4410 and updated in Jira, as per Joe E's request. Completed onboarding exercises and worked on monthly status report for Le'fant. 

### Today
* Merge my bug fix with Master
* Le'Fant status report
* Work on bugs
* Figure out cert issue

### Tomorrow
* Finish sprint items

### Impediments
None

### From other teammates
* Mel needs help with Tunnel access

### What I actually ended up doing
* SOAPUI work with Sean
* Onboarding Exercise #11- BPD Data/SwaggerUI(Match types of Burial Benefits, Answer the Questions about Applying for Burial Benefits, How BPD Data Effects the Outcome of a Claim, Generating a Token for BPD Swagger, Stage BPD Data for a Death Certificate)
* Update Le'fant Status Report (due tomorrow)

### EOD for Slack
EOD: Myself and Andrew S. consumed the 0003AE_eFolder v1.0 SCD 17.1_20190802.pdf provided by Cameron via Ansley. We were able to verify that we can hit the eFolderRead service through SoapUI. We obtained a missing document error, which is good. We are currently setting up SoapUI to hit the eFolderUpload>InitializeUpload service. When we hit this service correctly, an access token is generated that will allow us to try and upload a document. The token issued be InitializeUpload is valid for three minutes. We have all of the required options and parameters needed to move forward from there. We will then be able to attempt a document upload, which will be the next step. Andrew C. is working on the pre-req parser refactor. This is needed to fix the data-mapping defect. The Claims defect is on hold, because it will need to utilize the pre-req parser.

### Questions (New Guy Stuff)

### TO LEARN
* All the things
  
### //TODO
* Onboarding/Camunda

### Daily Workflow
* Login
* Update/Setup Weekly Blog Posts
* Open Jira
* Check lefant email
* Check BAH email
* Check VA email
* Connect to Tunnel (if necessary)
* Open GitHub Desktop
* Open VS Code
  
### Issues
* Having issues with my TimeMachine backup on my iMac (haven't messed with it lately)
