---
layout: post
title:  "Week 10, Day 47"
date:   2020-09-04 007:52:44 -0600
categories: jekyll update
---

## Standup

### Yesterday
EOD: Myself and Andrew S. consumed the 0003AE_eFolder v1.0 SCD 17.1_20190802.pdf provided by Cameron via Ansley. We were able to verify that we can hit the eFolderRead service through SoapUI. We obtained a missing document error, which is good. We are currently setting up SoapUI to hit the eFolderUpload>InitializeUpload service. When we hit this service correctly, an access token is generated that will allow us to try and upload a document. The token issued be InitializeUpload is valid for three minutes. We have all of the required options and parameters needed to move forward from there. We will then be able to attempt a document upload, which will be the next step. Andrew C. is working on the pre-req parser refactor. This is needed to fix the data-mapping defect. The Claims defect is on hold, because it will need to utilize the pre-req parser.

### Today
* Complete Le'Fant status report
* Work with Sean on SOAPUI to upload a document

### Next week
* Testing the executable
* Completing the application

### Impediments

### From other teammates
* Joe McNamara OOO

### What I actually ended up doing

### EOD for Slack
EOD: 

### Questions (New Guy Stuff)

### TO LEARN
* SOAPUI
* Web services, WSDLs, etc.
* 
  
### //TODO
* Onboarding/Camunda Modeler

### Daily Workflow
* Login
* Update/Setup Weekly Blog Posts
* Open Jira
* Check lefant email
* Check BAH email
* Check VA email
* Connect to Tunnel (if necessary)
* Open GitHub Desktop
* Open VS Code
  
### Issues
* Having issues with my TimeMachine backup on my iMac (haven't messed with it lately)
