---
layout: post
title:  "Week 10, Day 45"
date:   2020-09-02 007:52:44 -0600
categories: jekyll update
---

## Standup

### Yesterday
* Sean gave me the go-ahead to start cutting my teeth on some of the smaller bugs/stories in the backlog, and I fixed my first official bug and made my first official commit! Fixed bug PEN-4410.

* Started working on bug PEN-4392- 
  * Found [THIS LINK](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/17498478/navigation-drawer-disable-click-through-on-items-behind-the-drawer) that is a similar issue in Android/Java
    * FIX IDEAS
      * May need to explicitly set MDNavigationDrawer type to "standard"
      * Give the set_state() function a new_state="open"
      * Something to do with the + and - button layouts or ScreenManager?
      * Something to do with lines 49-51 in newscenario.py (child/parent elements?)
      * Something to do with the layouts in newscenario.py?

* Worked on PEN-4487 
  * Found the PEM passphrase
  * Ran into a filename/alias error
  * Ran into a server connection error/lack of knowledge
  * Issue- program is not finding participant ID for Dependents in findRelationships dictionary in Data/Lookups/Prerequisites/prerequisites.json

* Made some headway on defect PEN-4433.

### Today
* Grooming meeting
* Work on the mapping defect (should be close)
* Claims defect (a little more intense)
* Meet with Patrick Soisson for the SAML token story
  * Pushed his changes to DEV
  * Still getting an encryption key alias error
  * Signature or decryption is invalid
  * He was able to walk us through the request in SOAPUI, and it appears like we made it through the security layer, but there was no document?
* GitHub push/merge conflict process
* Le'fant status report due by end of the week
  * Need to complete some onboarding items for that

### Tomorrow
* Work on sprint items

### Impediments
* None

### From other teammates
Joe is back

### What I actually ended up doing


### EOD for Slack
EOD: We continued working on PEN-4487 and defect PEN-4433. Patrick S updated the backend (DEV) and walked us through the request in SOAPUI, but we are still dealing with 'signature/decryption is invalid' and 'encryption key alias' errors. Fixed bug PEN-4410 and updated in Jira, as per Joe E's request. Completed onboarding exercises and worked on monthly status report for Le'fant. 

### Questions (New Guy Stuff)
* Jira
  * Are we supposed to update Jira daily?
  * If so, why are we not?
  * Is that something I can do?

* How to pull down vetgen-ui and use in VSCode without having to recreate virtual environment and reinstall packages each time?

* How to deal with changes made on my local copy of vetgen-ui in GitHub desktop?
  
### TO LEARN
* All the things
  
### //TODO
* Onboarding/Camunda

### Daily Workflow
* Login
* Update/Setup Weekly Blog Posts
* Open Jira
* Check lefant email
* Check BAH email
* Check VA email
* Connect to Tunnel (if necessary)
* Open GitHub Desktop
* Open VS Code
  
### Issues
* Having issues with my TimeMachine backup on my iMac (haven't messed with it lately)
