---
layout: post
title:  "Week 2, Day 6"
date:   2020-07-07 010:41:44 -0600
categories: jekyll update
---

## Authentication & Authorization

So this morning I received my access token for the Booz Allen Hamilton portal. It's an interesting process... I go through all the background check rigamarole, then they send me a link to a QR code that lets me download an authentication app that I can use to login each time... whew! Security is exhausting!

I followed the steps, updated my password, and then made some mistake saving/not saving my Apple keychain access-generated password... so I spent the next few hours undoing that mistake. 

Half the time I love password managers, and half the time they are a major headache.


## Planning

BRD meeting next week. Through my trainings, I have learned that BRD stands for "Business Requirement Document," which states stakeholder needs/desires and helps capture and clarify expectations for the piece of software being developed.

## Trainings

I appreciate the format of the VA Trainings (short screens, audio that is different than the on-screen text, clickable "Try me" sections, as well as walkthroughs), but for some reason I am really struggling to stay focused. I guess I learn by doing more than by just watching. It's taking me close to 2 hours to do one module. Ugh.

Part of it is Elanor has been sick and I'm being continually interrupted by the kids, so that makes it hard. Maybe that's all it is... my brain struggling to jump back and forth between kids and screen.

_________________

So I finished the first module I was working on today, and in the background TMS logged out, so I have to do the whole thing over again... Why?!

_________________

Ok, I was able to redo the training quickly, in about 15 minutes this time. Whew...


## Onboarding schtuff

Just got a few emails from the VA saying my big background check was forwarded on to the Defense Counterintelligence and Security Agency (DCSA). One step closer to finishing up the process!

## More trainings...

It was brutal, but I knocked out the remaining 6 trainings today (with a little help from Bulleit...). Whew! That was like trying to do 3 grad school courses in a week. My brain is mush!
