
---
layout: post
title:  "Week 51, Day 237"
date:   2021-06-17 007:36:44 -0600
categories: jekyll update
---

## Daily Stand Up
## Yesterday
EOD:
* DSU
* Matt demoed how to use Kibana to look up error codes
* Finish setting up data to do 508 defect testing
* Ask Quita for help with DQSA, Deployment Support, and Automation
  * Meeting tomorrow at 10 am (9 am) to go over these items
* VBMSD-106562 passed scrum test, moved to Done.
* VBMSD-116665 passed scrum test, moved to Done.
* Created 508 defect VBMSD-117323


## TODAY
 * VBMSD-55701 (508)
 * QA Meetings at 9 am
   * 508 Testing will affect GO/NO GO, especially for new functionality (this is the first time this has happened)
   * Task, separate stories, however we want to do it.
   * All requirements need 508 info
   * 508 defects need to be pushed from Submitted->In Triage-> to "Ready for Dev"
 * 
 * Retro @ 1 pm

508 Guidance from Quita/Keith:
* 508 testing is a high-priority item for OIT.
* 508 testing will, for the first time, affect GO/NO GO status on releases from now on (primarily with regards to "new" functionality, but the expectation is that 508 testing is happening on all stories)
* All stories need to have either a 508 TASK associated with them or each team should have a separate 508 STORY for each sprint. How this is implemented is up to each scrum team, but 508 needs to be addressed in both **REQUIREMENTS** and in **STORIES/TASKS**.
* 508 issues **WILL BE CAUSE TO FAIL A STORY** from now on to avoid non-compliant code being promoted to Stage, leading to 508 defects from SQA/UAT.
* A test plan is being developed to help with 508 compliance. 
* Obvious big issues are:
  * Keyboard accessibility for all items on the page
  * All links/buttons being labeled and spoken by JAWS correctly
  * Using the WAVE accessibility checking plugin for Chrome to check for contrast errors and other issues
* When 508 defects are created, they will be immediately pushed from "Submitted" to "In Triage" to "Ready for Dev" and will be assigned to the team of the QA that created them.

From Keith:
508 testing is the hot topic.  We need to make sure that 508 testing is conducted for all new functionality (most important) and all others parts of the app as they are tested. May be necessary to add 508 testing story/task (depending on how your team works) in order to ensure testing is done and provide proof that it was done.
 UAT and SQA will start more focused testing on 508 and any bugs will be considered and now could affect a go/no-go decision.  So from OIT perspective, it is a high priority.  I am working to complete some tests that will help us address the testing in a more repeatable fashion.
## TOMORROW

### Items from Team Members/Planning
 
### Things I learned today
* 
### Impediments
## TODO

### General Questions  

### What I actually ended up doing
EOD:
* Worked to get eFolder Enclosures modal up and running
* Tested VBMSD-93613- passed and moved to Done
* Tested 111483- passed and closed.
  * Need to create 2 more defects related to separating out some buttons and getting JAWS 
* Created defect VBMSD-116944
* Testing VBMSD-93332
  * midway through testing

### Daily Workflow
* Login
* Update/Setup Weekly Blog Posts
* Open Jira
* Check lefant email
* Check BAH email
* Check VA email
* Connect to Tunnel (if necessary)
* Open GitHub Desktop
* Open VS Code