---
layout: post
title:  "Week 18, Day 77"
date:   2020-10-30 007:52:44 -0600
categories: jekyll update
---

## Standup- Sprint 40.1
  
### Yesterday
EOD: Worked with AC to continue engineering the solution to PEN-5545. Met with Mel to confirm military service dates. Went to cardiologist appointment, then continued work on PEN-5545. My fix is passing written tests (accounting for future dates and modifying RAD accordingly), but the BIRLS update is encountering inconsistent errors when I run it through vetgen-ui.

### Today
* PEN-5545 Closed!
* DEV BIP platform password
* PTO Tracker- Cardiologist Nov. 11 (HOLIDAY!)
* Pull in defect PEN-5760 (Pre-Discharge Claim Types)

### Items from Team Members
* Still on plan 'A' with regards to ratings/Claim evidence API
* Chad is working on eQIP, learning, and meetings

### Tomorrow
 
### Impediments

### What I actually ended up doing
EOD: DSU, Retro, Planning. Closed PEN-5545. Met with Joe to plan out next week. Met with AC to confirm the bug fix and discuss defect PEN-5760 (Pre-Discharge Claim Types), which we figured out is a Scenario configuration rather than a bug. I will meet with Mel on Monday to determine what an appropriate default should be. "Fixing" PEN-5760 may involve creating a new claims Scenario, but we can discuss how we want to handle that on Monday. Tried updating my DEV BIP password, but my aide creds wouldn't go through. I'll try and figure that out this weekend so I don't lose access. Happy Halloween!

### Daily Workflow
* Login
* Update/Setup Weekly Blog Posts
* Open Jira
* Check lefant email
* Check BAH email
* Check VA email
* Connect to Tunnel (if necessary)
* Open GitHub Desktop
* Open VS Code

