---
layout: post
title:  "Week 6, Day 24"
date:   2020-08-03 007:38:44 -0600
categories: jekyll update
---

## Standup

### Yesterday
* Access CAG
* Get VA Email address access
* Joe helped me through the onboarding docs to get setup
* While doing all that, sit in with Andrew C and Sean to get spun up on the codebase
* Max.gov Registration
* Team GitHub request access
* VA GitHub request access
* Request IDM Account for Kubernetes

### Today
* Monthly Status Report for Le'Fant (complete)
* Setup next month's Status Report to update on the fly
* Request Splunk Access (complete)
* Get BIP Platform Production & VBMS TestProd Database Access (PIV card not working...possibly wrong CAG desktop)
* Received Kubernetes and IDM Account Access (complete)
* Installed Certificates on dev machine
* Reqeusted Adobe XD via help desk (access.bah.com)
* Get spun up to help Sean & Andrew 


### Tomorrow
* Work on obtaining access to various systems/applications
* Get spun up as a developer

### Impediments
Waiting for AWS Tunnel SSH keys/access

### TO LEARN
* Kivy/KivyMD
* Adobe XD

### EOD Update for Slack

EOD: Waiting on AWS Tunnel SSH keys to configure my Jumpbox. Gained access to Team GitHub (waiting to be added to the EPMO group) and VA GitHub. Ansley is helping Andrew C and I get licenses to Adobe XD for UI development next week. Received IDM/Kubernetes access. Requested Splunk access, should be good once I have Tunnel access. Andrew C gave me a quick overview of Splunk. Slight snag getting BIP Platform Production & VBMS TestProd Database access, but as I gain access to more CAG desktops, this should hopefully be resolved. Completed my monthly Le'Fant "TPS report" (Status report for BAH reporting). And... done.

