---
layout: post
title:  "Week 20, Day 84"
date:   2020-11-10 007:52:44 -0600
categories: jekyll update
---

## Standup- Sprint 41.1
  
### Yesterday
EOD: DSU, then met with AC regarding PEN-3870 to discuss needed tasks and approaches. Did some initial testing of existing BIRLS update functionality in the tool, but saving is dependent on the save refactor story (PEN-5258). Met with Joe E and Mel regarding PEN-3870. Added a task in Jira, then created 2 new Scenarios to test the BIRLS Update functionality (With and Without Claim). Still need to confirm that the override parameters update/decease the vet in Share/VBMS.

### Today
* PEN-3870-Add vetgen-ui support for BIRLS Update (Step 5d)
  * 
* Grooming moved to Thursday


### Items from Team Members


### Tomorrow
 Veteran's Day - no work.
 
### Impediments

### What I actually ended up doing
EOD: Whiteboard meeting w/ AC, Chad, and Greg before DSU (went over how the Scenario stack is created). Met briefly with AC to brainstorm debugging ideas. Formatted BIRLS update calls according to several SOAPUI template scenarios and created Scenarios for each in vetgen-ui. Requests are getting through, but I am running into error code: BPNQ0100- 'No BIRLS record found,' which is preventing vetgen from syncing with VBMS/Share to decease the veteran properly. Need to look into possible environment switching issues or time delay as data propagates throughout the systems.   

### Daily Workflow
* Login
* Update/Setup Weekly Blog Posts
* Open Jira
* Check lefant email
* Check BAH email
* Check VA email
* Connect to Tunnel (if necessary)
* Open GitHub Desktop
* Open VS Code

