---
layout: post
title:  "Week 19, Day 80"
date:   2020-11-04 007:52:44 -0600
categories: jekyll update
---

## Standup- Sprint 40.1
  
### Yesterday
EOD: Implemented and completed PEN-4334 (Add confirmation step to delete actions). Code reviewed with AC, and the changes are pushed to Master, workflow set to Ready for QA. Talked briefly with Michael Nuss and logged his feedback regarding scrolling behavior in the vetgen-ui tool (will talk breifly with Joe tomorrow to see if this is something we want to add to the tool). Updated req.txt cryptography module from version 3.1 to version 3.2 to patch an RSA decryption/Bleichenbacher timing vulnerability (we received an urgent alert notification in the vetgen-ui GitHub repo). Updated readme based on tigertest-support channel feedback. Updated Jira tasks.

### Today

* TigerTest support channel help- Rachel
* Joe E Pulse check questions
* Next story


### Items from Team Members
* Chad is getting his PIV today

### Tomorrow
 
### Impediments

### What I actually ended up doing
EOD: Helped out with tigertest-support channel questions (Rachel Ingles needed help getting the tool up and running). Helped her over a few hurdles, but we got stuck on the xmlsec issue. Gave Chad S. a quick overview of the vetgen-ui tool and how it relates to VBMS. Met with Joe E. regarding Michael Nuss' tool feedback and he created a story around that feedback. Worked on a feedback task for Charles R. Met with Sean and AC to touch base on ratings work. Grooming session. Updated readme based on tigertest-support feedback and created a new FAQ section for common setup issues and questions when setting up Vetgen-UI.

### Daily Workflow
* Login
* Update/Setup Weekly Blog Posts
* Open Jira
* Check lefant email
* Check BAH email
* Check VA email
* Connect to Tunnel (if necessary)
* Open GitHub Desktop
* Open VS Code

