---
layout: post
title:  "Week 19, Day 81"
date:   2020-11-05 007:52:44 -0600
categories: jekyll update
---

## Standup- Sprint 40.1
  
### Yesterday
EOD: Helped out with tigertest-support channel questions (Rachel Ingles needed help getting the tool up and running). Helped her over a few hurdles, but we got stuck on the xmlsec issue. Gave Chad S. a quick overview of the vetgen-ui tool and how it relates to VBMS. Met with Joe E. regarding Michael Nuss' tool feedback and he created a story around that feedback. Worked on a feedback task for Charles R. Met with Sean and AC to touch base on ratings work. Grooming session. Updated readme based on tigertest-support feedback and created a new FAQ section for common setup issues and questions when setting up Vetgen-UI. Talked with Sean about BIRLS update process and making a compiled version of the tool.

### Today
* Help AC & Sean
* PA Retro 
* Next story

### Items from Team Members


### Tomorrow
 
### Impediments

### What I actually ended up doing
EOD: Helped Rachel I. get up and running with the tool. Updated vetgen-ui README documentation. Jumped on a call with AC and Sean and the PEN-6433 request was able to go through. Reading through SharePoint docs on BIRLS update, re-familiarized myself with Ratings, and did some quick research for additional info on the scrolling story. 

### Daily Workflow
* Login
* Update/Setup Weekly Blog Posts
* Open Jira
* Check lefant email
* Check BAH email
* Check VA email
* Connect to Tunnel (if necessary)
* Open GitHub Desktop
* Open VS Code

