---
layout: post
title:  "Week 2, Day 7"
date:   2020-07-10 006:50:44 -0600
categories: jekyll update
---

## End of first full week

This has been a good first week. I'm a little worn out by staring at a screen for so long (going to have to figure out a better rhythm of stepping away, exercising, etc.), but other than that it was mostly low key.

I had two meetings today, one at 6:45 am and one at 8 am... so I got up, showered, got ready, and the Scrum master cancelled them both (at 6:45 am) and rescheduled for 9 am. 

sigh...

## The Friday Plan

So what's my plan for today? I sent all of my TMS training certificates to my contact at BAH, and she let me know I was missing one this morning. Not sure how I missed one, but ok! There were 11 mandated trainings and I had 11 different certificates... oh well.

It was very similar, if not exactly the same as the last one I did yesterday about Information Security, so I knocked it out in less than 10 minutes and sent it off.

Here are the things I can/need to do:

* Self-guided training on topics I heard in meetings that I know nothing about:
1. Camunda
2. Oracle Database/ Java
3. Kivy (Python UI toolkit)
4. Connecting up Python (Kivy) with an AWS RDS instance and Oracle database
5. Some VA-related self-traning (mostly learning some more acronyms...)
6. Build a quick flask app with Kivy (maybe try to mock up a basic version of what my fellow Devs are working on)
7. Add the ability to see a directory/file structure within an app
8. JSON Schema
9. Workflow orchestration in Python
10. Creating the ability to select a Test or Dev environment in an application (remote development?)
11. APIs, service calls
12. Xray for Jira

* Email some BAH people about the following:
1. How to setup my MacBook Pro according to company/VA policy
2. Learn the modules of bah.com (if I'm authorized...)

* Grad school that I've been massively neglecting...
1. Email Canadian guy in Australia about survey questions
2. Build my survey
3. Read a ton
4. Write a ton

So yeah, plenty to do today...

## Stand-up, Retrospective, etc.

So for today's standup, here's what I got:

1) Finished up my TMS Trainings, received my laptop

2) VA documents for my PIV, may need to drive to Denver VA office. If not, I'm going to do some self-guided learning on our tech stack, mainly getting up to speed on Oracle database and Jira stuff.

3) Just waiting on the next steps for onboarding, Slack, etc. & setting up my dev machine. 

Others-

Andrew & Sean Wired menu system to the backend

### For next week

Sean & Andrew will work on Switch Environments Tasks
*config file 
*parser
*build UI hook


### New Acronyms!

ESR- External Sprint Review
L&L- "Lunch and Learn" demo

### Pre-planning

Monday- Pair programming w/ Sean and Andrew C!

Jira walkthrough

Test the application and by the end of the week be able to quickly demo at a 'Lunch and Learn'

### After the meeting...

So after the meeting, I now have access to Slack and the Pension Automation SharePoint, so I have access to a lot of reading material now, so I'll probably read a lot of that.






