---
layout: post
title:  "Week 2, Day 5"
date:   2020-07-07 07:25:44 -0600
categories: jekyll update
---

## Stand-up

My lead changed the morning standup to 8:00 am my time, so I got to sleep in a bit today!

1) What did you do yesterday?
   I knocked out 5 TMS trainings.
2) What will you do today?
   Pending Internet speeds, I should be able to finish the TMS trainings, then I will also be finishig up forms (NDA and Remote issuance SEF form) for Booz Allen Hamilton, as my background check is complete and I'm moving on to 'Gemalto remote issuance.' 
3) Are there any blockers or impediments preventing you from doing your work?
   Internet speeds. The joys of rural Internet... I looked at costs of buying a mobile hotspot from AT&T vs just paying for more bandwidth from my ISP, and I'm still mulling it over. I'm kinda leaning towards the mobile hotspot because it is cheaper in the long run and I could have the Internet wherevver there's a cell signal, but it makes me nervous too. Might be nce to just pay for more bandwidth...
   Also, the speed at which people email me back. Lots of newbie questions...

## The Joys of Government Work

So the background check to end all background checks got pushed back to me because I didn't type out "County Road" (I did Co Rd instead)...

As a result I had to effectively go through the entire process again. Ugh. Sometimes I wonder if they make things intentionally irksome just to see if we'll put up with it...

## Backlog Refinement Meeting

So we had a 'backlog refinement meeting' scheduled for 2 hours. 
Notes from the meeting:

Discussion/whiteboarding requirements

John- dev lead for a scrum team
Grant is the dev lead for Pension automation- make sure we're on the right path and next steps laid out correctly

API solution
proof of concept- burial and DIC

create veteran
gen address
gen dependent
gen initial claim

rating/word process? not yet

NEXT ITERATION: configurable based on type of claim

-pass in a log to overwrite generated

Support setting up their military service history?

-time enrolled?
-retired?

EAD/RAD
Verified service?
Active duty?
Character service=> Honorably/Dishonorably discharged?

Test positive/negative cases

Needs to be configurable right out of the box.

1. Veteran/dependent creation
2. Claim 
3. Rating
4. Award

Pick standard scenarios
Burial
-ServiceConnected, NonServiceConnected

DIC
-dependent is child/spouse/parent

Create a utility to quickly spin up veterans for use in testing

without making a change or changing code

test automation

ad hoc

Moving towards a web application=> 

library/parameterized function
UI/database on top of it may be a next step

regression testing- certain data we always need


yml file (more complex data structures)
-defaults, override defaults

Tool is Currently JSON (Dictionary/Hashmap)
No database issue = Generate file numbers with many people running the tool (concurrency) 

9 digit (SSN-like)
Social and claim #
CXXXXXXXX (8 digit number)
Vets w/o SSN

BIRLS- search all in list

Java =>

implements Serializable

menu system/CL tool

pick a file number associated with 
service calls

CLINT


UI
1. flask
2. oracle
3. Amazon RDS
4. kivy

BPD-side
-populate BPD Schema from Forms...can create scenario based data

users set up BPD themselves

label this is vet data, this is claimant data

How are we generating names?

pick up where you left off
data for a given scenario

May need fields that are blank for non-required fields (pass in null?)

directory finder in python

## Plan-it Poker

For the uninitiated (like me today...), Plan-it Poker is basically a consensus-creating interface with digital playing cards on the screen, each with a number on it that corresponds to a description of work (can be easy, medium, hard... s, m, l... 1, 2, 3, etc.). The Scrum master prompts everyone to read a particular story and click on the card with the number that they think most closely matches the scope of the story's work. Then everyone's number is revealed, a short discussion/explanation of everyone's choices ensues, then the Scrum master calls for a revote. Rinse and repeat until there is a consensus. Good stuff!

## Stuff to investigate/learn

JSON Schema
How to pass in/select an environment (DEV or TST)
Call orchestrator? Workflow 
api service calls (configurable)
Xray test management

## Training

The meeting was 2 hours long, and afterwards I needed a break. I worked out for an hour, picked up Milo, then got back to my trainings. I worked on another training, but the Internet/VA server was really slow, so I was only able to finish up one more module. My brain is getting tired pretty quickly after 3 pm, so I need to work on getting lots done in the mornings.

## GFE!

My "Governemnt Furnished Equipment" came today! I was provided with a 2020 MacBook Pro [MacBookPro16,2] (Silver 13-inch with Four Thunderbolt 3 ports, 2.0GHz QC i5, 16GB LPDDR4X memory, 512 GB SSD, Touch Bar/Touch ID)! Can't wait to get developing!
