---
layout: post
title:  "Week 2, Day 3"
date:   2020-07-06 14:17:44 -0600
categories: jekyll update
---

## My first Scrum meeting

Got back last night from an awesome 13th anniversary trip with the wife... we went to Steamboat Springs and enjoyed riding the 'Outlaw Mountain Coaster,' riding the gondola to the top of the mountain for lunch, then playing 18 holes of mini-golf (I won... +3 over par, but not too bad, even got a hole-in-one!). I love being married to my wife, and I'm so lucky to have such an amazing partner!

I went to bed early last night, as I had an early meeting (6:45 am... the joys of remote working in a different time zone than everyone else!). 

I got up at 5 am, did a Peleton strength workout, showered, got some coffee, quickly reinstalled my meeting software (Cisco Webex Meetings), and then had my first Scrum meeting/Spring planning session!

I was pretty nervous, but after 12 years of working, I've learned to manage my anxiety and perfectionism to a point that was much better than before. I was proud of myself!

My boss/leader-type guy introduced the team, then I introduced myself briefly, then they got to the meat of the meeting: Spring planning!

We had a Scrum master in addition to the team lead, and she was there to help the team lead navigate Jira, the tool we are using to keep our development on track. Since I am not yet able to complete my other government trainings, I purchased two other Udemy courses (Agile Crash Course and a Selenium test course) to level up while I'm in a holding pattern, which will be for awhile according to everyone on the team.

The lead talked about creating "Stories" (aka user functionality) and then we assigned a number to the sprint based on the complexity of tasks involved. We're at pretty high complexity right now, mainly creating proof-of-concept command line tools used to generate test data. 

Over the next few weeks I will be virtually "looking over the shoulder" of two of my teammates, learning what they do and how they do it. Looking forward to it!

My leader (trying to give me some stuff to do besides all the onboarding) mentioned that I might be able to create some pre-design UI stuff in the interim to make the basic functionality a little more user-friendly. So... Front-end work, whoo hoo!

He also mentioned a potential government hackathon, where we 'compete' to create something based on requirements. Sounds fun and challenging!

I'm not able to access the team Slack channels yet (waiting on all my government onboarding stuff), so I can't see the Jira stuff or Slack, but hopefully that will come soon. 

## The Background Check to End All Background Checks

Most of the rest of my day was spent filling out the background check to end all background checks... Yay government work!

After finishing the background check, I spent some time working through the Agile Crash course and Selenium courses.

All in day's work!
