---
layout: post
title:  "Week 2, Day 4"
date:   2020-07-07 06:32:44 -0600
categories: jekyll update
---

## Stand-up

Although they thought we were going to move them, our stand-ups are still currently set at 8:45 am EST, which means I have a reason to get up at 5 am for my 6:45 am meeting! This has been good, though, as I have always wanted to 

My 'boss' (don't know what to call him...tech lead?) gave us 3 questions to answer:

1) What did you do yesterday?
2) What will you do today?
3) Are there any blockers or impediments preventing you from doing your work?

Here are today's answers:

1) What did you do yesterday? 

   I worked on my eQIP and the VA Cybersecurity TMS training.

2) What will you do today?

   TMS Trainings: FISMA training, Introduction to the One-VA Technical Reference Model (WBT), VA-PAS, and IBM Rational Team Concert Level 1

3) Are there any blockers or impediments preventing you from doing your work?

   Right now my 'work' is to complete the VA onboarding, and my account was verified yesterday, so I should be good to go. As far as development work, once everything goes through, I am still waiting on my development system and access to Jira, Slack, etc.


## Data Creation - Things to think about
Part of our job at this point is that we are tasked with creating functionality that allows users (VA employees) to generate 'veterans' and their dependents to use within their system... aka, data creation.

Here are some items the team members talked about:
- how to handle multiple users trying to create large numbers of veterans (1000+). Put a cap on the number of vets generated at one time, possibly 20?
- do we need a database to address this?
- are multiple veterans generated at the same time? (parallel, asynchronous)
- Information generated: Vet, address, spouse 
- switching environments

I'm not sure of the tech stack currently, but I'm going to try and get a hold of Joe Evans (a new hire who is about a month ahead of me) to find out what technologoes they're using.

Once I know that, I might try to create my own version of the prototype on my own, just to be coding and thinking through the issues.

Things to research/learn:
- how to generate records in parallel vs one-offs
- allow users to modify parts of each record 
- create a simple command-line tool

## AGAs - Amazing Government Acronyms

Just a side note... the government REALLY likes their abbreviations and acronyms... Here's a small sample of what I've run into...

VA, TRM, IPR, TMS, OIT, PA, CVE, NSOC, NIST, BPMN... it goes on and on

## Daily On-boarding Trainings

The morning was kind of rough as far as trainings go. The TMS dashboard doesn't always update or play nicely when the Internet is slow, so I struggled initially. I had to click through two of the courses 2-3 times before they would save and register as complete in the TMS system. 

After lunch, however, the system started working smoothly and I was able to search for the remaining trainings that the Onboarding Project Integration Manager assigned me last week. I have completed 5/11 trainings, and pending similar issues, I should be able to finish them up tomorrow.

## Tech Stack

I talked with one of my teammates today and asked about the tech stack we would be using. Both he and I are still in the onboarding process (he's about a month ahead of me), so we're not coding yet, but he was able to glean a few of the technologies that they're using to make the prototype through standups and meetings.

Here's what we're working with:

### BIP Stack

**Language**
Java

**Source Control/Version Control**
Git/GitHub

**Workflow and Decision Automation**
Camunda

**Database**
Oracle

**Middleware**
Tuxedo

**CI/CD**
Jenkins
Kubernetes

**Cloud**
AWS

**API/Testing**
Postman
SoapUI

**Automation**
Void (Selenium wrapper)

## Training on my Own

Outside of work, I'm going to try and learn more about Camunda, Oracle Database, Postman, Tuxedo, and Void. I've already started teaching myself about Jenkins/Kubernetes, and the rest of the stack I'm familiar with. 
