---
layout: post
title:  "Week 14, Day 55"
date:   2020-09-29 007:52:44 -0600
categories: jekyll update
---

## Standup

### Yesterday
EOD: Continued working through SAML token issues. Worked with Patrick Soisson to configure the SOAPUI request (which worked in DEV), but the Test environment continues to throw an SSLHandshakeException, and so PEN-4487 is now blocked. Andrew C and I pivoted to work on PEN-5258: Refactor save scenario functionality. Andrew C and I were also able to access Teams with our @ne.bah.com email addresses. 

### Today
* Work on SAML token
* Counseling session
   
### Tomorrow

  
### Impediments
  
### From other teammates

### FEATURE IDEAS/BUG FIXES


### What I actually ended up doing
L24:
Worked with Andrew & Sean on Saml Token Story. We were able to have a continued conversation with Patrick about the error codes we are receiving in both the project and SoapUI. He gave us a list of POCs to reach out to that may be able to help us with the eFolder security error in the project. Yesterday afternoon, Andrew & I continued to look at the save defect, and  whiteboarded a bit.
N24: The First POC is unsure of the error and Saml integration so we will reach out to the next POC in the AM. While waiting on a response I will continue to work on the Save defect. 

### TO LEARN
  
### //TODO

### Daily Workflow
* Login
* Update/Setup Weekly Blog Posts
* Open Jira
* Check lefant email
* Check BAH email
* Check VA email
* Connect to Tunnel (if necessary)
* Open GitHub Desktop
* Open VS Code
  
### Issues
* Having issues with my TimeMachine backup on my iMac
