---
layout: post
title:  "Week 14, Day 57"
date:   2020-10-01 007:52:44 -0600
categories: jekyll update
---

## Standup
* No standup today. I think everyone is in "PI" (I have no idea what that is).

### Yesterday
L24:
Worked with Andrew & Sean on Saml Token Story. We were able to have a continued conversation with Patrick about the error codes we are reseaving in both the project and SoapUI. He gave us a list of POCs to reach out to that may be able to help us with the eFolder security error in the project. Yesterday afternoon, Andrew & I continued to look at the save defect, and  whiteboarded a bit.
N24: The First POC is unsure of the error and Saml integration so we will reach out to the next POC in the AM. While waiting on a response I will continue to work on the Save defect. 

### Today
* Work on SAML token
* 
     
### Impediments
* We are blocked by the SAML token
    
### From other teammates

### FEATURE IDEAS/BUG FIXES


### What I actually ended up doing
* We reached out to Cameron Williams, who checked the GUID in Splunk and got this error: ***Signature did not validate against the credential’s key.*** So we re-contacted Patrick Soisson for help, as he was the original POC for the SAML credential. 

### TO LEARN
  
### //TODO

### Daily Workflow
* Login
* Update/Setup Weekly Blog Posts
* Open Jira
* Check lefant email
* Check BAH email
* Check VA email
* Connect to Tunnel (if necessary)
* Open GitHub Desktop
* Open VS Code
  
### Issues
* Having issues with my TimeMachine backup on my iMac




How to use it
How to get set up
Why is it needed?
  Demo/Explain the need for the tool
This tool gets you to an 020 New Claim in Test

Infographic showing roadmap

Create a Veteran
Create a Dependent
020 - New Claim
Ratings Finalization
