---
layout: post
title:  "Week 14, Day 58"
date:   2020-10-02 007:52:44 -0600
categories: jekyll update
---

## Standup
  
### Yesterday
EOD: Worked through some documentation resources that Patrick Soisson sent over. He also gave us a list of 3-4 people as POC's, and Cameron. Got an email about resetting my @ne.bah.com password. The email instructions don't seem to support the workflow for sub-contractors; I may need some help with that tomorrow. Checked VA Email, and my GFE has been shipped.

### Today
* Work on SAML token
* Work on Save bug
* May update the documentation with respect to other 'hidden' prerequisites needed to access the tool (such as VA GitHub access, etc. as per our support channel discussion with Jason Dorman - adding dept-of-veterans-affairs to organizations)
   
### Tomorrow
  
### Impediments

### What I actually ended up doing


EOD: Sean and I got SOAPUI configured and working. We were able to make a valid request to both Dev and Test environments. We were also able to validate the efolder request in our code on SOAPUI.
AS, AC and I were also able to get our mapping of the public key, private key, and keystore correct in the framework. We have an error in our directoryhandler class that we're working through. Once the directoryhandler error is fixed, we should see a positive efolder request. We came a long way in a few hours today.

Andrew C EOD: Worked on save defect -
Modified force search table to show tags-to_find-map_to structure.
Also compartmentalized the table object itself to support the unique features of the force search table.
Added + & - to table for adding new search criteria.
Added final save to current operation upon clicking the save button.
Started poking at the scenario class and scenario handler class to find where it is repeating.
### Daily Workflow
* Login
* Update/Setup Weekly Blog Posts
* Open Jira
* Check lefant email
* Check BAH email
* Check VA email
* Connect to Tunnel (if necessary)
* Open GitHub Desktop
* Open VS Code

