
---
layout: post
title:  "Week 52, Day 242"
date:   2021-06-24 007:36:44 -0600
categories: jekyll update
---

## Daily Stand Up
## Yesterday
EOD:
* Retested VBMSD-117286- passed and moved to Done.
* DQSA scripts
  * VBMSTM-65592- "View Beneficiary Profile in VBMS Fiduciary"
  * VBMSTM-65614- "Generate Correspondence in 290MFID - FID Misuse"


## TODAY
 * DSU
 * Test defects that get to scrum test
 * Continue building DQSA tests
 * ESR pt 2 @ 12 pm
 * Change AIDE password
 * 
## TOMORROW

### Items from Team Members/Planning
 
### Things I learned today
* 
### Impediments
## TODO

### General Questions  

### What I actually ended up doing
EOD:
* DSU
* TMS Training- mailed certs to Jessica Riggs
* 

### Daily Workflow
* Login
* Update/Setup Weekly Blog Posts
* Open Jira
* Check lefant email
* Check BAH email
* Check VA email
* Connect to Tunnel (if necessary)
* Open GitHub Desktop
* Open VS Code

### 508 Guidance from Quita/Keith:
* 508 testing is a high-priority item for OIT.
* 508 testing will, for the first time, affect GO/NO GO status on releases from now on (primarily with regards to "new" functionality, but the expectation is that 508 testing is happening on all stories)
* All stories need to have either a 508 TASK associated with them or each team should have a separate 508 STORY for each sprint. How this is implemented is up to each scrum team, but 508 needs to be addressed in both **REQUIREMENTS** and in **STORIES/TASKS**.
* 508 issues **WILL BE CAUSE TO FAIL A STORY** from now on to avoid non-compliant code being promoted to Stage, leading to 508 defects from SQA/UAT.
* A test plan is being developed to help with 508 compliance. 
* Obvious big issues are:
  * Keyboard accessibility for all items on the page
  * All links/buttons being labeled and spoken by JAWS correctly
  * Using the WAVE accessibility checking plugin for Chrome to check for contrast errors and other issues
* When 508 defects are created, they will be immediately pushed from "Submitted" to "In Triage" to "Ready for Dev" and will be assigned to the team of the QA that created them.

From Keith:
508 testing is the hot topic.  We need to make sure that 508 testing is conducted for all new functionality (most important) and all others parts of the app as they are tested. May be necessary to add 508 testing story/task (depending on how your team works) in order to ensure testing is done and provide proof that it was done.
 UAT and SQA will start more focused testing on 508 and any bugs will be considered and now could affect a go/no-go decision.  So from OIT perspective, it is a high priority.  I am working to complete some tests that will help us address the testing in a more repeatable fashion.