---
layout: post
title:  "Week 16, Day 67"
date:   2020-10-16 007:52:44 -0600
categories: jekyll update
---

## Standup
  
### Yesterday
EOD: Working through PEN-4487. Was able to solve the
SSL: CERTIFICATE_VERIFY_FAILED ERROR
with this command:
conda install -c conda-forge certifi
Unfortunately, now just getting the old:
File "/Users/lefant/opt/anaconda3/envs/vetgen2/lib/python3.7/site-packages/zeep/wsdl/bindings/soap.py", line 185, in process_reply
    client.wsse.verify(doc)
AttributeError: 'list' object has no attribute 'verify'
Reached out in the #python channel, and Collin Paran responded and gave us some links to setup our request in Postman which should then hopefully generate some Python code that may help us move forward. :crossed_fingers:
We have a meeting with him tomorrow at 10am EST.
I set up the Postman request to the eFolderReadService according to Collin's info, but got a 503 Service Unavailable Error because DEV was deploying... so I'll try again in the AM!

### Today

* Wire in JksManager to get the request to eFolerReadService connecting
* Work on SAML token
* AIDE Password reset   
* Grooming session cancelled to focus on commmits

### Tomorrow
 
### Impediments

### What I actually ended up doing
EOD: We found a discrepancy with our zeep request versus our SOAPUI request. We were looking at the raw output from both SOAPUI and zeep. We found that there is a wsu timestamp (web service timestamp utility) object in the soap request. The wsu timestamp is being injected by SOAPUI in our request (the request we have in our code), and then being sent out to the endpoint. Our zeep output does not have this wsu timestamp. We didn't know it was needed. So we are working to figure out how to generate the wsu timestamp and inject it into our zeep request.


### Daily Workflow
* Login
* Update/Setup Weekly Blog Posts
* Open Jira
* Check lefant email
* Check BAH email
* Check VA email
* Connect to Tunnel (if necessary)
* Open GitHub Desktop
* Open VS Code

