---
layout: post
title:  "Week 16, Day 65"
date:   2020-10-14 007:52:44 -0600
categories: jekyll update
---

## Standup
  
### Yesterday
EOD: 
Worked on PEN-4487. We found documentation on PyJKS and built JksManager class to incorporate the PyJKS library (simpler, more Pythonic and streamlined way to manage the certs, and keystores). We were able to see all of our certs and keys using the new class. Today we need to wire it in to our soap request and start testing the responses. Updated AIDE password. Still need to update it in my codebase and other sites.

### Today

* Wire in JksManager to get the request to eFolerReadService connecting
* Work on SAML token
* AIDE Password reset   
* Grooming session cancelled to focus on commmits

### Tomorrow
 
### Impediments

### What I actually ended up doing

EOD: Working through PEN-4487. Was able to solve the
SSL: CERTIFICATE_VERIFY_FAILED ERROR
with this command:
conda install -c conda-forge certifi
Unfortunately, now just getting the old:
File "/Users/lefant/opt/anaconda3/envs/vetgen2/lib/python3.7/site-packages/zeep/wsdl/bindings/soap.py", line 185, in process_reply
    client.wsse.verify(doc)
AttributeError: 'list' object has no attribute 'verify'
Reached out in the #python channel, and Collin Paran responded and gave us some links to setup our request in Postman which should then hopefully generate some Python code that may help us move forward. :crossed_fingers:
We have a meeting with him tomorrow at 10am EST.
I set up the Postman request to the eFolderReadService according to Collin's info, but got a 503 Service Unavailable Error because DEV was deploying... so I'll try again in the AM!

### Daily Workflow
* Login
* Update/Setup Weekly Blog Posts
* Open Jira
* Check lefant email
* Check BAH email
* Check VA email
* Connect to Tunnel (if necessary)
* Open GitHub Desktop
* Open VS Code

