---
layout: post
title:  "Week 15, Day 63"
date:   2020-10-09 007:52:44 -0600
categories: jekyll update
---

## Standup
  
### Yesterday
EOD:
* Pushed FIX for the SAML token defect PEN-5380-VETGEN-UI: Find_files_by_name not finding public key for SAML injection(eFolder) to Master branch
* Resumed work on PEN-4487 with Sean
  * Had to install xmlsec module and it's Mac dependencies to properly use Zeep's Signature method:
`brew install libxml2 libxmlsec1 pkg-config`
`pip install xmlsec`

We are currently stuck on the following error in Zeep's signature.py file:
`AttributeError: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'`

We think this can be fixed by getting the right combination of certs passed into Signature()
* Helped Sarah M. with testgen-ui environment issues in the tigertest-support channel.
* Set up my GFE and emailed Jessica Riggs my GFE tracking info

### Today

* Work on SAML token
   
### Tomorrow
Ditto
 
### Impediments

### What I actually ended up doing

EOD: 

Worked on the `AttributeError: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find'` issue.

I randomly ran into '503 Server Error: Service Temporarily Unavailable' on both Test and Dev throughout the day as each environment was down. Dev was down in the AM, Test was down in the PM. Each time I switched to the available environment.

Here are some things I cleaned up:
* Fixed file object/path issues related to certs
* Reformed SAML token path in 'associate_saml_certs' function
* Clearly documented/labeled all certifications to aid in correct identification of certs in code

Here are some things I tried to solve the issue:
* Added Client Signing Certificate to 'associate_saml_certs.' Result-> TypeError, which I solved by changing the return value of 'find_file_by_name' (directoryhandler.py) to a file object rather than a string (path) object.
* Passed in different combination of certs to the Signature() function (there are 2 'public keys', the Client Public Key and the VBMS Public Key). The SOAPUI request in Dev that successfully went through used the VBMS Public Key, but we are running into the aforementioned Zeep AttributeError in the tool when using this cert. I tried both public keys, and both result in the AttributeError.
* Changed the connection.py variable *wsse_token* to a class instance (added 'self'). Result-> same error.
* Read Zeep documentation related to session, cert, and transport to confirm correct formation of the .cert value
* Next I tried modifying the transport.session.cert value in connection.py, but they appear to be formed correctly ('cert', 'key').
* Based on my research in the zeep documentation and stackoverflow, etc. I turned on 'DEBUG' level logging, which resulted in this additional information:

500-level Server-side error
`zeep.transports: HTTP Response from https://filenet.dev.vbms.aide.oit.va.gov:443/vbms-efolder-svc/read-v1/eFolderReadService (status: 500)`

Encryption key alias is mal-formed (this has been checked *many* times and all cert paths are formed correctly)
`gov.va.vba.vbms.ws.VbmsWSException: WssVerification Exception - Please make sure the specified encryption key alias is correct. GUID: a61e2ea2-df9a-4266-83df-a30f044d4d78`

At this point I would recommend we find someone to help us. We tried Thuy Hoang and Cameron Williams, which helped us along a bit, but we never contacted Nate Carlson or Joe Fetico. It may also help to contact Patrick Soisson as well. 

### Daily Workflow
* Login
* Update/Setup Weekly Blog Posts
* Open Jira
* Check lefant email
* Check BAH email
* Check VA email
* Connect to Tunnel (if necessary)
* Open GitHub Desktop
* Open VS Code

