---
layout: post
title:  "Week 10, Day 44"
date:   2020-09-01 007:52:44 -0600
categories: jekyll update
---

## Standup

### Yesterday
EOD: Worked on PEN-4487 , the token was injected into the VBMS headers. Currently we are trying to solve a PEM passphrase error. Made some headway on defect PEN-4433.

### Today
* Le'Fant status report
* Solve PEM password error (hopefully with Patrick S)
* Work on bugs

### Tomorrow
* Work on sprint items

### Impediments
* Sean possibly having to take PTO

### From other teammates
* Joe McNamara OOO

### What I actually ended up doing
* Pulled down vetgen-ui from GitHub Desktop
* Created virtual environment with `python3 -m venv vetgen`
* Ran virtual environment with `source vetgen/bin/activate`
* Ran vetgen.py, kivymd is not there
* `pip install kivymd`
* `pip install faker`
* `pip install zeep`
* Error: `config.json Was not found! Created file in local directory! Please make sure to fill in the necessary fields.`
* Open config.json
  * Change Current Environment to 'dev' (test is down right now)
  * Add proxy settings:
    * "Address": "127.0.0.1",
    * "Port": "9443",
    * "Username": "astraight",
    * "Password": "fafpu9-kUnvyt-mivgog"
* Save & Run vetgen.py
* `pip install fuzzywuzzy`
* `pip install python-Levenshtein`

* Getting a AWS Tunnel connection error... Sean walked me through restarting the Tunnel, and it fixed it!

* Sean gave me the go-ahead to start cutting my teeth on some of the smaller bugs/stories in the backlog, and I fixed my first official bug and made my first official commit! Fixed bug PEN-4410.

* Started working on bug PEN-4392- 
  * Found [THIS LINK](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/17498478/navigation-drawer-disable-click-through-on-items-behind-the-drawer) that is a similar issue in Android/Java
    * FIX IDEAS
      * May need to explicitly set MDNavigationDrawer type to "standard"
      * Give the set_state() function a new_state="open"
      * Something to do with the + and - button layouts or ScreenManager?
      * Something to do with lines 49-51 in newscenario.py (child/parent elements?)
      * Something to do with the layouts in newscenario.py?

* Worked on PEN-4487 
  * Found the PEM passphrase
  * Ran into a filename/alias error
  * Ran into a server connection error/lack of knowledge
  * Issue- program is not finding participant ID for Dependents in findRelationships dictionary in Data/Lookups/Prerequisites/prerequisites.json

* Made some headway on defect PEN-4433.

### EOD for Slack
EOD: 

### Questions (New Guy Stuff)
* Jira
  * Are we supposed to update Jira daily?
  * If so, why are we not?
  * Is that something I can do?

* How to pull down vetgen-ui and use in VSCode without having to recreate virtual environment and reinstall packages each time?

* How to deal with changes made on my local copy of vetgen-ui in GitHub desktop?

### TO LEARN
* All the things
  
### //TODO
* Onboarding/Camunda

### Daily Workflow
* Login
* Update/Setup Weekly Blog Posts
* Open Jira
* Check lefant email
* Check BAH email
* Check VA email
* Connect to Tunnel (if necessary)
* Open GitHub Desktop
* Open VS Code
  
### Issues
* Having issues with my TimeMachine backup on my iMac (haven't messed with it lately)
